{% include head.html %}

# Summary of the course
Making Intelligent Things is an interdisciplinary project course that aims at teaching students essential skills in prototyping intelligent, possibly networked, physical artifacts, such as robots, peripherals, mobile and wearable intelligent devices and gadgets; computer-controlled machines, including plotters, 3D printers, and CNC mills; and interactive art. It aims at solving real-world challenges by a combination of microcontroller programming, practical electronics, and computer-aided design and manufacturing, using modern prototyping methods such as 3D printing and CNC milling. Teams of students choose their own challenge in consultation with the teachers. We will engage in an iterative process of design, implementation, prototyping, and evaluation. Project outcomes will be presented in a public forum at the end of the semester.

# Content
The course will teach students essential skills in designing and prototyping intelligent physical artifacts, including microcontroller (such as Arduino and Raspberry PI) programming, practical electronics, and computer-aided design and manufacturing, using modern prototyping methods such as 3D printing and CNC milling. The course will leverage and refine students' skillsets in computational thinking and in building advanced software artifacts, and aims to open new horizons for them by allowing them to explore new ways of connecting the learning outcomes of other IC courses with the physical world. A substantial emphasis will be put on engineering low-level (microcontroller-based) systems software. The course will be structured into three phases – a first consisting of tutorials and crash courses on essential skill sets such as practical electronics and 3d printing; a second in which students individually build a precisely specified small intelligent thing under close guidance by the teaching staff; and a third – the main project phase – in which teams of students propose, design, and implement their own project. Students will have access to a workshops and digital fabrication technologies such as laser cutters, CNC milling machines, and 3D printers through EPFL’s Discovery Learning Labs. We will define a suitable format allowing all student teams to exchange insights and present progress throughout the semester; at the end of the semester there will be a public event to showcase the results of the projects. 
